rel: Prepare the 2.9.4 release (#1514)
honeycombio/refinery: RELEASE_NOTES.md

While [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) contains detailed documentation and links to all the source code changes in a given release, this document is intended to be aimed at a more comprehensible version of the contents of the release from the point of view of users of Refinery.

## Version 2.9.4

> This is a maintenance release that adds the `incoming_router_event_bytes` and `peer_router_event_bytes` metrics that records the number of bytes per event in a histogram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a maintenance release that adds the `incoming_router_event_bytes` and `peer_router_event_bytes` metrics, which use a histogram to record the number of bytes per received event.
```
